Privacy Policy & Terms Of Use


ALL ODENAPP GAMES ARE SAFE FOR KIDS AND PARENTS.
Your privacy is very important to us, and we take it seriously. Please read our Privacy Policy below and let us know if you have any questions or other feedback regarding it.


Collection, Use, and Sharing of Information from Children.
We collect, use and share personal information from children through our Apps as follows:
Email Contact. On occasion, in order to respond to a question or request from a child through our apps, OdenApp may receive or need to ask for the child’s online contact information, such as an email address. OdenApp will delete this information immediately after responding to the question or request. If we do happen to obtain any personal information, including emails or phone numbers perhaps obtained through support requests or other correspondence, it will be treated with the strictest confidentiality. Any such personal information will never be shared with any other entities. Any such personal information will not be retained beyond the resolution of the support request or other correspondence. We do not knowingly contact or do business with children under 13 years of age. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that a child under the age of 13 has attempted to contact and/or do business with us, please advise us by email at info@odenapp.com so that we may rectify the situation.
Photos, Videos, and Audio. Our Apps may request access to the device’s photo album, or microphone in order to provide in-game functionality. For example, a child may say anything microphone in order to imitate call with the animals or save their drawing to their local device. OdenApp does not store or share any photos, images or audio files that contain children’s images or voices through our Apps. All photos, and audio files are stored locally on the device only.We update our app some times. Updates include voice, user interface and may be everything in the app.
Our apps and websites may collect anonymous usage information to help improve the quality of our services and applications.
Our apps do typically require internet permissions, for the purpose of providing links to the app store entry of our products and to collect anonymous usage information.
Our apps do not interact with any social media sites. We may provide links to our own social media sites for the purpose of providing support and product information.


Children’s Privacy
OdenApp complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), a U.S. law designed to protect the online privacy of children. OdenApp takes precautions designed to protect the online privacy of children, and we encourage parents to take an active role in protecting their children’s privacy by discussing this Privacy Policy with them.
When you use our Apps we may display contextual advertisements to you. In order to enable advertising we allow our advertising partners to collect online identifiers (such as Advertising ID on Android and IDFA on iOS) that might be considered as personal information under some legislations, but they should use it solely for the purposes of contextual advertising. For any other purposes they should use the information solely on anonymized and aggregated basis.Some of our Apps incorporate advertising serving technology offered by Google Ads, which enable advertising to be temporarily uploaded into the game and replaced while the user plays.
You can find Privacy Policies of Google Admob here: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
We are not displaying behavioral or interest-based advertising in our apps.


How your information is shared
As you can see, we collect minimal personal data, and some nonpersonal data for internal use only or in conjunction with third parties to help us operate, analyze, and improve our sites and services. In addition, we may disclose your personal or nonpersonal information to additional parties if we believe we are required to by law, by a judicial proceeding, to protect OdenApp’s rights and properties, or to investigate fraud, intellectual property infringement, and any other conduct that might be illegal or expose OdenApp or a user of its services to legal liability. In addition, OdenApp may disclose information collected from a parent in the event of a change or proposed change in the ownership of the company; for example, a sale, a merger, or bankruptcy.


In-App Purchase Privacy
Our apps may contain in-app purchases (IAP’s).
Some of our apps may contain in-app purchases. Some apps have external links to the store where you purchased the app to help you to find more about our other apps or to our website. When you make in-app purchases in the our Games, we do not collect or have any access to your name and billing information. This information is collected and stored by your platform (Android's Google Play) or your platform's payment processor.
First try out free version of our app. If you do not face any problems (while installing and operating) with our app and if you like it, you can go for the paid version of the app. After purchasing our app, if any problem occurs in your device or phone while using our app, it is not our responsibility.


Contact & Support
Our users can send us an email if they need support or help with any of our products. If you submit a support request, we will receive your email address and possibly other personal and non-personal information that you provide related to your support request ("Support Information"). We use Support Information only.
If you have any questions regarding the Privacy Policy, please contact us at the following email address.
info@odenapp.com


Updates to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify our Privacy Policy at any time simply by posting such modification on this site and without any other notification. Any such modification will be effective immediately upon posting on this site. It is your responsibility to review our Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with all of its terms.
Any changes we may make to this privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page
The Privacy Policy was last updated on 20 September 2021
